feat(controllers): using the PlaceholderAction (#1655)
api-platform/docs: core/controllers.md

It is mandatory to set the `method`, `path` and `controller` attributes. They allow API Platform to configure the routing path and
the associated controller respectively.

## Using the PlaceholderAction

Complex use cases may lead you to create multiple custom operations.

In such a case, you will probably create the same amount of custom controllers while you may not need to perform custom logic inside.

> To avoid that, API Platform provides the `ApiPlatform\Action\PlaceholderAction` which behaves the same when using the [built-in operations](https://api-platform.com/docs/core/operations/#operations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid that, API Platform provides the `ApiPlatform\Action\PlaceholderAction` which behaves the same when using the [built-in operations](operations.md#operations).
```
